EIA Data Downloads
Here are the key pages to grab data from:

Main petroleum data portal:
https://www.eia.gov/petroleum/data.php

Specific datasets you want:

Dataset	Link	What You Get
Heating oil spot prices (daily)	https://www.eia.gov/dnav/pet/pet_pri_spt_s1_d.htm	NY Harbor No. 2 heating oil daily spot
Diesel wholesale/rack prices	https://www.eia.gov/dnav/pet/pet_pri_dist_dcu_nus_w.htm	Weekly diesel prices by type
Weekly retail gasoline + diesel	https://www.eia.gov/petroleum/gasdiesel/	State-level retail prices
Heating oil & propane update	https://www.eia.gov/petroleum/heatingoilpropane/	Weekly residential heating oil
Weekly petroleum status report	https://www.eia.gov/petroleum/supply/weekly/	Inventories, production, imports
Colorado-specific prices	https://www.eia.gov/dnav/pet/pet_pri_gnd_dcus_sco_w.htm	Weekly Colorado retail
EIA Open Data API portal	https://www.eia.gov/opendata/	Programmatic access (you have the API key)
Bulk CSV downloads	https://www.eia.gov/opendata/browser/	Browse + download any series as CSV
For filling the Aug 2025 → Mar 2026 gap, the most useful are:

Heating oil spot prices (daily) — direct replacement for your OHLC data
Weekly diesel/gasoline wholesale — proxy for OPIS rack prices
Colorado retail prices — regional context
You can download CSV directly from each of those pages (there's a "Download Series" or "Download Data" button on each).

---

Copyrights and Reuse
Public domain and use of EIA content
U.S. government publications are in the public domain and are not subject to copyright protection. You may use and/or distribute any of our data, files, databases, reports, graphs, charts, and other information products that are on our website or that you receive through our email distribution service. However, if you use or reproduce any of our information products, you should use an acknowledgment, which includes the publication date, such as: "Source: U.S. Energy Information Administration (Oct 2008)."

Quoting EIA content and translations
When quoting EIA text, the acknowledgment should clearly indicate which text is EIA content and which is not. When translating EIA content into another language, please indicate the organization responsible for the translation and provide a link back to the original EIA web page in the acknowledgment.

photo of the James Forrestal buildingProtected materials
You may see on our website documents, illustrations, photographs, or other information resources contributed or licensed by private individuals, companies, or organizations that may be protected by U.S. and foreign copyright laws. Transmission or reproduction of protected items beyond that allowed by fair use as defined in the copyright laws requires the written permission of the copyright owners.

EIA logoThe EIA logo is a registered trademark (Registration Number 4019501) of the U.S. Department of Energy and may not be used without the expressed consent of the U.S. Energy Information Administration. The mark consists of the acronym "EIA" with an associated design element of one curved line above the literal element that extend to its right. For more information, please contact Dale Sweetnam at dale.sweetnam@eia.gov.

Please note that our "Energy Ant" (seen on our Energy Kids website at http://www.eia.gov/kids/) is a registered servicemark of the U.S. Department of Energy. For more information about use restrictions of this graphic item, please contact InfoCtr@eia.gov.

The photographs on our website are protected by private licensing agreements and may not be reproduced without EIA's and/or the licensor's prior written consent. Contact Us if you have any questions regarding the reproduction of any illustrations, photographs, or other protected information. For background material on other copyright issues, see Copyright Basics from the U.S. Copyright Office.

---

Privacy Statement and Security Policy
Privacy statement
This website (http://www.eia.gov/) is provided as a public energy information service of the U.S. Energy Information Administration.

stock photo
EIA.gov utilizes web measurement software tools in order to improve the efficiency of our website and to provide a better user experience for our customers. If you visit this site to read or download information, you should know that EIA collects and stores a standard set of Internet-related information, such as an Internet Protocol (IP) address, the date and time, the type of browser and operating system used, the page(s) visited, and if you linked to the EIA website from another website, the address of that website.

The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) classifies this as a Tier 2 usage since we utilize multi-session web measurement technologies that do not collect any personally identifiable information (PII). These technologies anonymously track how visitors interact with EIA.gov, including where they came from, what they did on the site, and whether they completed any pre-determined tasks while on the site.

We use Google Analytics and IBM's NetInsight web measurement technologies. This information is used to optimize our website; improve our user interface and ensure our content meets the needs of our customers. No personally identifiable information is collected, so the anonymity of the user is protected. The measurement data that is collected is only retained for as long as is needed for proper analysis and optimization of the website and is accessible only to employees whose position necessitates it.

Since disabling this web measurement technology requires you to modify your individual browser settings, it is enabled by default. If you wish to opt-out from these web measurement technologies, you can find instructions for changing your browser settings at http://www.usa.gov/optout_instructions.shtml. Google also provides a browser plug-in that will allow you to opt-out of all Google Analytics measurements, which you can find at http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Please note that opting-out in no way effects your access to content or how you see the site.

If you send us personal information and/or subscribe to EIA's e-mail notification system (e-lists)
If you choose to provide us with personal information such as submitting information through the website on our Feedback page (www.eia.gov/about/feedback), e-mail subscription lists, or in an e-mail to EIA's Information Center, or to any EIA email (@eia.gov) we use that information to respond to your message and to help us get you the information you have requested. We do not collect personal information for any purpose other than to respond to you. EIA does not give, sell, or transfer personal information to third parties, unless required by law, such as the Freedom of Information Act.

If you participate in EIA's social media activities
EIA is committed to expanding access to its information and engaging its customers and stakeholders. One of the key ways we seek to accomplish this is through the use of third-party social media websites and applications. We do not collect or request personally identifiable information through these outlets, but may occasionally come into contact with unsolicited PII due to circumstances beyond our control. As a result, we reserve the right to moderate or remove comments that offer personally identifiable information such as address, phone number or social security number in a public manner. No PII will be retained in our system or shared with outside parties.

Security, intrusion, and detection
For site security purposes, and to ensure this service remains available to all users, this Government computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.

Operations security program
The U.S. Energy Information Administration maintains a program (Operations Security [OPSEC]) that is designed to protect information collected in EIA's surveys. This Program takes the form of various elements such as: staff security training, pre-hire certification, and integrity of EIA data systems, fair practice data disclosure policies, and the physical security of all sensitive unclassified EIA data. If you have any questions concerning this program, please contact Keith Rapoza, phone (202) 586-2626.

Links to other sites
Our website has links to many other websites including government (Federal, State, local, and international) agencies, universities, trade associations, energy companies, and selected other websites. All links that navigate you away from www.eia.gov are denoted by the external link icon icon. If you navigate to another site, you will be subject to the privacy policy of that site. EIA provides these links for informational purposes and does not endorse the information on any linked non-federal site.

image of a locked laptopSecurity policy
This website is part of a federal computer system used to accomplish federal functions. The U.S. Energy Information Administration continuously monitors this website for security purposes to ensure it remains available to all users and to protect information in the system. By accessing this website, you are expressly consenting to these monitoring activities.

Unauthorized attempts to defeat or circumvent security features, to use the system for other than intended purposes, to deny service to authorized users, to access, obtain, alter, damage, or destroy information, or otherwise to interfere with the system or its operation is prohibited. Evidence of such acts may be disclosed to law enforcement authorities and result in criminal prosecution under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act of 1996 (Pub. L. 104-294), (18 U.S.C. 1030), or other applicable criminal laws.

Automated retrieval program (robot) activity
EIA is committed to providing data promptly and according to established schedules. Therefore any automated retrieval program (commonly referred to as a "robot" or "bot") that excessively accesses information from EIA's website is prohibited. Excessive robot activity on EIA's website can cause delays and interfere with other customers' timely access to information.

EIA will block robots that are accessing the website in any way that EIA considers excessive or malicious, including robots that attempt to access or download survey information multiple times per second with resulting degradation of service to others. EIA also reserves the right to block robots that do not contain contact information that can be used to contact the owner. Blocking may occur in real time.

NOTE: Robots using a specific IP address instead of an official EIA URL (examples: www.eia.gov or ir.eia.gov) are at risk for not receiving data promptly at prescribed times.

Trouble accessing the EIA website?
EIA uses industry standard "blackhole" lists, maintained by public and private institutions in the larger Internet community, to defensively block access to our web servers. Please understand that EIA does not maintain these lists and we cannot remove you from them. We suggest you alert your network security officer (for businesses and organizations) or your internet service provider (for individuals).

---

